[UPBEAT DISCO-POP MUSIC]
♪ ONCE I HAD A LOVE
AND IT WAS A GAS ♪
♪ SOON TURNED OUT HAD
A HEART OF GLASS ♪
♪ SEEMED LIKE THE REAL
THING, ONLY TO FIND ♪
♪ MUCHO MISTRUST,
LOVE'S GONE BEHIND ♪
♪ ONCE I HAD A LOVE
AND IT WAS DIVINE ♪
♪ SOON FOUND OUT I
WAS LOSING MY MIND ♪
♪ IT SEEMED LIKE THE REAL
THING, BUT I WAS SO BLIND ♪
♪ MUCHO MISTRUST,
LOVE'S GONE BEHIND ♪
♪ IN BETWEEN ♪
♪ WHAT I FIND IS PLEASING
AND I'M FEELING FINE ♪
♪ LOVE IS SO CONFUSING
THERE'S NO PEACE OF MIND ♪
♪ IF I FEAR I'M LOSING
YOU, IT'S JUST NO GOOD ♪
♪ YOU TEASING LIKE YOU DO ♪
♪ ONCE I HAD A LOVE
AND IT WAS A GAS ♪
♪ SOON TURNED OUT HAD
A HEART OF GLASS ♪
♪ SEEMED LIKE THE REAL
THING, ONLY TO FIND ♪
♪ MUCHO MISTRUST,
LOVE'S GONE BEHIND ♪
♪ LOST INSIDE ♪
♪ ADORABLE ILLUSION
AND I CANNOT HIDE ♪
♪ I'M THE ONE YOU'RE USING,
PLEASE DON'T PUSH ME ASIDE ♪
♪ WE COULDA MADE
IT CRUISING, YEAH ♪
♪ LA, DA, DA, LA, LA,
LA, LA, LA, LA, LA, LA ♪
LA, LA, LA, LA, LA ♪
♪ YEAH, RIDING HIGH ON
LOVE'S TRUE BLUISH LIGHT ♪
♪ OOH, OH, ♪
♪ OOH, OH ♪
♪ ONCE I HAD A LOVE
AND IT WAS A GAS ♪
♪ SOON TURNED OUT, TO
BE A PAIN IN THE ASS ♪
♪ SEEMED LIKE THE REAL
THING, ONLY TO FIND ♪
♪ MUCHO MISTRUST,
LOVE'S GONE BEHIND ♪
♪ OOH, OH ♪
[UPBEAT DISCO-POP MUSIC]